## URL https://www.ebay.com/itm/Malie-Korean-Cosmetics-Fresh-Natural-Plant-Essences-Face-Mask-Pack-1PC-Sea-Weed/153241708517?hash=item23adeae7e5:g:oSkAAOSwqOFbvZcY:rk:26:pf:0
Product Description

MALIE Real Natural Mask

MALIE Real Natural Mask, Korean cosmetics.

Go to fixed price products : Click!

[Features]
Containing enriched nutrition including fresh fruits extracts.
Use Air Pocket Pulp Sheet : hypoallergenic and eco-friendly
Ingredients
Water, Glycerine, Alcohol, Propylene glycol, Hydroxyethyl cellulose, Carbomer, Disodium EDTA, Allantoin, PEG-60 Hydrogenated castor oil, Methyl paraben, Phenoxyethanol, Triethanolamine, Fragrance, Sodium Hyaluronate,

SEA WEED
Skin Seaweed mask rich in minerals you need pack a large amount of wa-ter is supplied to the dry skin elasticity and incre-ase oxygen to the skin cells, dark and dull skin to life giving vitality and radiance of a healthy grant will restore the skin.

INFORMATION

NOTICE
- When ordering just let us know the phone number.
 		SHIPMENT	 

We will ship your order within 1~3 business day via post .
	Only ship to the confirmed address provided by ebay . Please checked your correct address.
	It will usually take 10-40 business days after shipment
	Delivery can be delayed due to destination's customs issue
	Brazil, Spain, Greece, Azerbaijan, Brunei Darussalam, Puerto Rico, Italy, Russian Federation, Ukraine,,
	some country shipping Usually takes more than 6weeks due to strict customs
	Attention, We are not responsible for any customs fee, import duties, or taxes.
 	Economy shipping (No tracking number, No insured)
 
 		PAYMENT	 

	We Accept PayPal Only.
	We hope to receive your payment within 7 Days
 
 		RETURN POLICY	 
	We carefully inspect the item before shipment.
	In case you found a defect on the purchase, We will exchange or refund it
	The return item must be in the original(Unused & Same Package) , resaleable form and
all accessories included must be returned as well
	If you are not satisfied, simply contact us and return the item within 14days after you receive it
(We will refund your money without the shipping fee )
 	
 		CONTACT US	 
Customer's satisfaction is my No.1 Priority
	If you are dissatisfied for any reason , please do not be quick to leave negative/neutral feedback
	If you have a question or problem, please contact us first.
	We work hard to make sure every customer 100% satisfied and resolve any problem for you and always leave positive feedback to all our customers

If you have any question or complain , just contact us freely

Автомобильные аксессуары